basic_test                                a b
note_modification_length                  2a b
note_modification_octave_higher           a+1 b
note_modification_octave_lower            a-1 b
note_modification_length_and_octave       2a+1 b
note_modification_sharp                   a# b
note_modification_flat                    g# b
note_modification_all                     a# 2a# a#+1 2a#+1 a#-1 2a#-1 g# 2g# g#+1 2g#+1 g#-1 2g#-1
dumb_notes                                c+1 e
several_motifs_in_a_segment               a b c d e f g
several_segments_in_structure             a b c d d e f g
arithmetic_basic_integer                  a b e d e
arithmetic_simple_addition                a b d# d e
arithmetic_simple_subtraction             a b b-1 d e
arithmetic_simple_multiplication          a b g# d e
arithmetic_simple_division                a b d d e
arithmetic_combined_add_sub               a b f# d e
arithmetic_combined_add_mult              a b g+1 d e
arithmetic_combined_add_div               a b f# d e
arithmetic_combined_div_add               a b g d e
arithmetic_combined_div_sub               a b c# d e
arithmetic_combined_sub_div               a b b d e
arithmetic_combined_div_mult_parenthesis  a b f# d e
arithmetic_combined_mult_add              a b g+1 d e
arithmetic_combined_mult_sub              a b b d e
arithmetic_combined_sub_mult              a b c#-1 d e
single_note                               a
loop_test                                 a a a
#loop_iterations_by_variable               a a          TODO
#loop_test_scope                           c c c c c    TODO
